Component development section update (#1494)
o3de/o3de.org: content/docs/user-guide/programming/components/create-component.md

A *component* in **Open 3D Engine (O3DE)** is a simple class that inherits from O3DE's `AZ::Component`. A component's behavior is determined by its reflected data and the actions that it takes when it is activated. This section shows you how to create O3DE components programmatically. For information about adding and customizing the components available in **O3DE Editor**, refer to the [Component Reference](/docs/user-guide/components/reference).

> While every component is unique, the following steps are commonly completed when creating a new component:

Author: ```suggestion
While every component is unique, the typical steps for creating a new component include the following:
```

> 1. Create the component class from boilerplate code, or from an existing component.

Author: ```suggestion
1. Create the component class from the default component template, or from an existing component.
```

1. Register the component in the parent Gem module.
1. Implement the component class interface, using the `Init()`, `Activate()`, and `Deactivate()` functions.
1. Reflect component data for serialization and editing.
1. Reflect component data and methods for scripting.
1. Define component services, such as the provided and required services.

> ## Create your component class

Author: Agreed. I will remove this boilerplate code and replace it with instructions on how to use the new template. However, that doc update will be done in the development branch, after this PR is merged to main and brought over to development.

> ## Create your component class

Author: Update: since this PR is still open, I will update these instructions on creating a component using the new template.

> ## Create your component class

Author: @lumberyard-employee-dm FYI, this PR now has instructions for creating the component from template. (See recent commit.)

> ## Create your component class

Reviewer: Looks good to me.

## Implement the component class interface

To implement the component interface, start with the following steps that walk through the required and optional members of a component class:

1. Inherit from a component base class.

    Every component must include `AZ::Component` somewhere in its inheritance ancestry. Non-editor components generally inherit directly from `AZ::Component`, as in the following example:

    ```cpp
    class MyComponent
        : public AZ::Component
    ```

    Editor components typically inherit from `EditorComponentBase`. These components enable you to have editor-specific functionality that is different than what's needed at runtime. You can implement editor functionality in the editor component, and runtime functionality in the runtime component counterpart. For more information and additional implementation requirements, refer to [Editor Components](./editor-components.md) later in this section.

    Example editor component class:

    ```cpp
    class MyEditorComponent
        : public AzToolsFramework::Components::EditorComponentBase
    ```

    You can also create your own component class hierarchies to provide additional component types.

> 1. Use the `AZ_COMPONENT` macro to define a unique UUID for your component. The macro takes two arguments:

Author: ```suggestion
1. Use the `AZ_COMPONENT` macro to define a universally unique identifier (UUID) for your component. The macro takes two arguments:
```

    * `Init()`

        (Optional) Called only once for a given entity to initialize the component's internal state. Although the Init() function initializes the component, the component is not active until the system calls the component's Activate() function. We recommend that you minimize the component's CPU and memory overhead when the component is inactive.

    * `Activate()`

>         (Required) Called when the owning entity is activated, provided that all services and components that the component depends on are present and active. The `Activate` function is always called _after_ any components that it depends on. To learn how to specify dependencies, refer to [Defining and Using Component Services](services). Typically in the `Activate()` function, a component performs setup procedures, connects to EBuses, and allocates resources or requests assets.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
        (Required) Called when the owning entity is activated, provided that all services and components that the component depends on are present and active. The `Activate` function is always called _after_ any components that it depends on. To learn how to specify dependencies, refer to [Defining and Using Component Services](services). Typically in the `Activate()` function, a component performs setup procedures, connects to Event Buses (EBuses), and allocates resources or requests assets.
```

Author: Had to apply this separately since it was a second suggestion for the same line.

>         (Required) Called when the owning entity is activated, provided that all services and components that the component depends on are present and active. The `Activate` function is always called _after_ any components that it depends on. For information about how to specify dependencies, refer to [Defining and Using Component Services](services). Typically in the `Activate()` function, a component performs setup procedures, connects to EBuses, and allocates resources or requests assets.

Author: ```suggestion
        (Required) Called when the owning entity is activated, provided that all services and components that the component depends on are present and active. The `Activate` function is always called _after_ any components that it depends on. For information about how to specify dependencies, refer to [Defining and Using Component Services](services). Typically in the `Activate()` function, a component performs setup procedures, connects to Event Buses (EBuses), and allocates resources or requests assets.
```
